Hello everyone, today we are going to talk about a
core framework that I think can completely change the way you interact with AI
Hey, this is not the kind of layer-by-layer technique that the king of learning will soon have
but a brand-new mode of thought
so that we can really think with AI
Okay, let's get started
I believe that many people are like me
living in an era where AI changes every day
It feels like I've been pushed by the waves of the times
Sometimes it's really a bit out of control
Do you also have this feeling?
The speed of AI development is really too fast
It's so fast that we often ask ourselves
How do we catch up?
To be honest, this sense of frustration is very anxious
We may have more or less
In fact, these feelings are normal
You see, the world has changed so fast
Many companies or teams have not yet figured out the strategy
So we rushed into AI
The result is that we often have to use some systems that we don't understand at all
That sense of helplessness is really heavy
Then AI can do things that we can understand intuitively
The gap seems to be getting bigger
Not to mention the so-called prompt density on the Internet
I've been learning for a long time and it's over
So can we think about this from a different angle?
If we don't chase those
The technology of the sun, the moon and the sun
Instead, pull the focus back to ourselves
To think
As humans
How should we interact with AI
Will we find a new way out?
You see, these are actually two completely different forms
The old method is to focus on the technology itself
I've been chasing those short-term techniques all day
What do you take AI as?
Well, it's probably a better way to do a拼字检查
But the new method is about human-machine cooperation
It's about training our core ability to understand deeply
To treat AI as a reliable partner
So this brings out our core concept today
AI fluency
To put it bluntly
This is an ability to make us able to use efficient
And also to work with AI in a moral and safe way
It's not just a skill
It's a stronger and more sustainable mode of cooperation
This AI fluency sounds great
How do we do it?
The key is to master the four core abilities
Which is the 4D framework we're going to talk about
Look at this table, so clear
This whole framework is the core ability of the four Ds
Which are the initial English words
Fluency, description, recognition, and
And intimacy
Each ability corresponds to a key question
That we must ask ourselves when interacting with AI
Okay, the first D, fluency
This is super important
It's actually asking us a question
When should I do it myself?
When should I let AI do it?
This is a judgment
For example, make a market report
Previous data collection and organization
Can be completely handed over to AI
But the final strategic judgment and decision
Of course, it still has to be done by you, the human expert
Right?
Okay, when you decide what task you want to send
What's next?
Of course, you have to tell him clearly
This is our second D, description
This is a communication art
How can we make our needs
Our intentions
Speak clearly and accurately
Let AI really understand what we want
But no matter how good your instructions are
What AI gives you
It may not be able to use it directly, right?
So the third D, recognition
Has become very critical
This requires us to not blindly accept the whole board
But with a kind of critical eye
To assess and evaluate the output given by AI
Which is right
Which is done
Which needs to be modified
This judgment is very important
Okay, after you've identified, evaluated
Even modified the output of AI
The last step is also the most important one
That is, you have to take responsibility for the whole result
This is the last D, affection
This is a sense of responsibility
We have to make sure that the whole process of cooperation is transparent
Can be traced
And we are willing to be responsible for the final result
So we just talked about
Description, description, identification, affection
You may think
Learn these
What's the difference with those who teach you how to do PROMPT
Hey, that's a big difference
This framework helps us to build
Is a more objective and longer-term thought
Not only to deal with today's AI
No matter what AI becomes in the future
You have a way to deal with it
You see
Once you have mastered this framework of AI fluency
What you get is not just
Write better PROMPT
This kind of skill
You will have a guide principle
Use in any interaction with AI
You will be more confident
Know when to use
How to use AI
More importantly
What you cultivate is a profound
And the ability to take away
At the same time, I also learned to be responsible for the result
Actually, I think this sentence is very good
It perfectly summarizes everything we talked about today
Our goal is to fundamentally change
The way we interact with AI
We don't just want to change how we think about AI
But to learn how to think with AI
This is a layered leap
So after listening to today's content
I want to leave a question for everyone to go back and think about
In your work or study
How do you plan to use the 4D framework that describes the identification surface
To establish a firm tacit understanding with AI
What about stronger partner relationships?